Subject: <?=$values['subscribers']?> of your constituents would like to hear from you

Dear <?=$values['mp_forename']?>,

This is an email to let you know that there are
<?=$values['subscribers']?> constituents in
<?=$values['constituency_name']?> who would like to hear from you about
any issue you consider to be of particular importance in the
constituency at the moment. All you have to do to talk to them is hit
reply to this email.

This mail is being sent as part of the pre-launch testing phase of
HearFromYourMP.com, a new service from mySociety and a sister site to
TheyWorkForYou.com. mySociety is the charitable group which runs the
WriteToThem.com (formerly FaxYourMP.com) and PledgeBank.com websites.
HearFromYourMP.com is a strictly non-partisan site which is trying to
build healthier and more productive long-term relationships between
representatives and represented. That is why we are testing and
launching this service now, long before the next general election. 3 MPs
have already sent messages to their constituents - you can see what they
said at www.hearfromyourmp.com/about

When you reply, your constituents will be able to discuss what you say
in a public forum. You can also respond to comments in the forum if you
so wish. The forum will have post-hoc moderation, and we have a strict
code of good behavior that we will enforce -- no unconstructive
partisanship, no ad hominem attacks, etc. You can post whenever you feel
like by replying to this email, or by emailing mps@hearfromyourmp.com .

Constituents will not be able to reply to your mail and write back to
you directly, filling up your inbox. If a constituent wants to write to
you privately they will be passed through to WriteToThem.com with all
the anti-abuse filters we have built to protect representatives.

If you are not interested in using this service at the moment, we will
send you a reminder when you have <?=$values['next_threshold']?>
constituents signed up. If you have any further questions, please email
team@hearfromyourmp.com, call us on 07811 082158, or read our Frequently
Asked Questions at www.hearfromyourmp.com/faq

All the best,

The HearFromYourMP Team
